Add missing step "after the release" to the release process (#771)
matomo-org/developer-documentation: docs/release-management.md

* After triggering the first stable release of a new major version, edit `config.ini.php` and point the path of the latest release channel to the correct latest file. For example, if Matomo 5.0 is released, then change `'path_latest_5x_stable' => __DIR__ . '/../LATEST',` to `'path_latest_5x_stable' => __DIR__ . '/../LATEST_5X',`.

### After the release

As part of our release process, it's crucial to diligently monitor the issue tracker and pay close attention to feedback from our L3 team and support channels. This practice enables us to promptly address any identified regressions or upgrade-related issues. Swift action is essential to prevent widespread occurrences of identified problems. Recognize that for each reported issue, there may be numerous users facing similar challenges. Addressing these promptly helps prevent further disruptions for our users.

Example resolution strategies:

* Fixing identified issues. This helps mitigate potential problems for other users who might encounter the same issues.

> * Explore opportunities to enhance existing documentation. Providing clearer instructions prevents people from running into the issue in the first place. A

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Explore opportunities to enhance existing documentation. Providing clearer instructions prevents people from running into the issue in the first place.
```

> * Adding an FAQ on how to resolve their problem allows for quick resolutions. Creating a clear and detailed explanation or workaround in the reported GitHub issue can work as well. This makes all the difference where people would otherwise stopping to use Matomo.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Adding an FAQ on how to resolve their problem allows for quick resolutions. Creating a clear and detailed explanation or workaround in the reported GitHub issue can work as well. This makes all the difference where people would otherwise stop using Matomo.
```
